system changes
haniwa resource to be more limited? aka lower the max level to 5
  - maybe we can keep the current max, just increase cost of starter haniwa gen to 1 mana
frontlines gain exile, at upgrade+10 they lose it but gain 1 cost
  - instead of the above, frontlines now dont leave the hand when played, but gain ethereal and 1 extra cost each time they are played

just go through each card with the new system changes and see how it will be affected
haniwa attacker - lower end of turn dmg scaling +1 per 2 upgrade
haniwa bodyguard - lower dmg reduction scaling +1 per 2 upgrade
haniwa sharpshooter is fine
haniwa support - lower scaling on atk draw +1 per 2 upgrade
defence summon is fine
exile summon is the only summon that costs no haniwa + thins deck
  - make it exile a frontline, then do something on top? or just carry over upgrades
  - it may be more interesting if it did the onplay action, but didnt keep upgrades
  - but will it be too similar to haniwa blitz?
  - maybe just remove this card or rework it somehow
fencer kamikaze is fine
frontline haniwa create - probably lower gain, 
frontline upgrade is fine
haniwa blitz is fine, will benefit a lot with haniwa now exiling
  - perhaps i should make it discard the chosen cards? that way its harder to burst and gives a way to cycle frontlines
summon haniwa is probably fine, very cost efficient as a starter though
  - maybe try lowering the efficiency a bit, keep cost at 2? lower frontline created?
archer prep volley is fine
assign extra trigger is fine
assign fast trigger is fine
assign haniwa create - lower gain a bit?
cavalry scout - replace graze with scry 3(5), may be a bit weird to see a random popup but we'll see
fencer build barricade - a bit too similar to fencer prep counter, so either nerf it to block or make it more different somehow
zero cost move is fine
defence create reserves is fine, probably benefits from the haniwa change
hybrid draw is fine
weakening shot update archer level restriction to be a bit looser now? 1 and 2?
haniwa exploiter - on play action is too stronk for sure, so gotta change that
  - spread the target enemys debuffs onto other enemies? if it has none, apply a random debuff?
haniwa spy - is this too strong? lower scry scaling to +1 per 2 upgrade?
  - and it's also technically +1 mana per turn due to the cost lowering, maybe figure out a way to make it less strong
haniwa upgrader - i guess we remove the self scaling with 2+ upgraders
  - and also lower upgrade per turn scaling to +1 per 2 upgrade
  - or come up with a different way it does stuff
ashes to clay - will benefit a lot from the frontline changes, so increase the cost for sure
assign summon frontline is fine
clay to ashes - maybe now it shouldnt be 2 firepower on upgrade? probs make it 1 and find something else for the upgrade
exile upgrade - does this card upgrade too fast? if it didnt upgrade the exiled cards maybe its fine?
guard rush is fine
heal sacrifice is fine
loyalty strike is fine
strength in numbers is fine, it's harder to put frontlines in draw/discard
upgraded summon - probably nerf upgrade to +5
archer prep debuff is fine? maybe lose the accurate
assign play gain block is fine
assign tickdown return is probably fine
build watchtower is fine
cavalry rush is fine
cavalry supplies - keep mana gain at 2, but increase cavalry assign to 3 and card counter to 8(5)
charge attack is fine
choose short assign is fine
fencer prep counter is fine - since build barricade will probs get changed to be less similar
num buff block is fine
assign trigger upgrade is fine
create archer - update the haniwa gain 2(3) probs? and update archer level reqs
create cavalry - update haniwa gain 2(3) and update reqs. increase scry on upgrade as well
create fencer is fine
exile frontline extra trigger is fine
haniwa commander - needs changes for sure, cant cycle frontlines to discard/draw so passive will need to be changed
  - will also not exile haha, it's a damn rare
exile frontline blitz is probably fine, will defs benefit from the frontline changes
mass ressurection is probably fine, will defs benefit from the frontline changes
mass summon - even with the frontline changes, the cost of 2 each is still too small?
  - maybe make it more interesting and consume all haniwa, then create a frontline for each haniwa consumed
summon commander is fine
ultra frontline - unsure about this card. it does only spawn 1 frontline, but maybe too similar to exile upgrade anyway
  - i feel i should remove or rework this
assign cost trigger - make the cost increase only occur while in hand, so zero cost synergy is kept in draw/discard
assign play draw - make it harder to play probs, keep cost at 5 on upgrade, maybe have ethereal unupgraded?
gain buff tickdown is fine
mass extra trigger is fine
assign trigger summon is probs fine, 1 frontline per turn probs wont be too big of a benefit with them exiling now
full frontal assault is fine, will be able to scale with new card that increases max haniwa, but they need multiple copies and then create the haniwa
zero cost reduction - probs too good, but i dont want to nerf the effect yet?
  - keep cost at 5 and have upgrade remove ethereal?
archer prep frost arrow - maybe a little too strong? perhaps lower block gain and base dmg
freeze frontline/frozen haniwa - with frontlines exiling, this is probs fine
frontline discard draw - probably fine? now there's not many ways to cycle frontlines, so probs useful
cake teammate is fine
permanent assign is fine
poison shot is fine

new cards
something to increase max haniwa level 3(5), and gain 2(3) of each haniwa
something for assign to increase the counter by 3, and some other effect?

exhibit changes
frontline exhibit no changes, the card count increase is probs fine
assign exhibit - every 5 buffs gained, gain a buff assignment bonus or something
  - assignment bonus will be the old effect but tied to a buff, ticks down by 1 each draw