update assign pause block, too weak - done
assign tickdown should be uncommon, replace with a common version - done
update frontline card onplay effects, and change their types to match better - done
prep archer volley set to 1 require archer - done
haniwa attacker use normal attack instead of reaction? - done
update recycle create reserves, feels weird to remove cards from play, nothing else is synergizing - done

update exile create reserves to exile then choose 1/2 common frontline card to add - done
and move the upgrade portion to another card
find a way to get more haniwa gen in early game. Or no need? the starting 3 is enough? - done
  - add starting cards that fit with each playstyle, and not pooled

discard frontline make doesnt discard? - done

update some cast block actions to use direct or whatever to stop the player animation
  - such as on assign fencer build barricade, or haniwa bodyguard maybe

Make AssignPauseBlock pause block status an ability? or a separate skill - done

maybe frontline cards shouldnt exile by default? - done

strength in numbers probs uncommon? also remove limit and upgrade for cost - done
cavalry rush probs uncommon - done
rework assign pause block, make it give block based on current buffs - done
rework assign tickdown retain, make it when player gains a buff, tickdown assigns by 1 - done
let assigns be stackable, playing the same buff increases number of triggers by 1 by default - done
  - sideeffect of losing overspent haniwa, seems like a cool mechanic
remove assign tickdown extra time as it is now redundant? or rework to something - done
  - can possibly keep, it's an easier way to increase trigger count
  - made it draw 1
charge attack increase the card count to 20 or something, since pause is being removed - done
  - or keep it short and increase the dmg gain
still need to refine uncommon frontline cards
  - rework exploiter in hand ability to follow up with dmg + apply 1 random debuff
  - commander should be rare?
rework fencer build barricade to be like a cirno frost armor
  - and add a fencer attack in commons
  - or just keep barricade and add new card in uncommon

fix minicardselections as more than 5 cards wont show the rest

frontline cards upgradable up to +99 - done
draw card after playing 0 cost card? - already doing it after assign card, which is probs overkill to add another
upgrade frontline card by more than once? - done
exile frontline upgrade cards - done
  - upgrade more depending on how many exiled
losing buff tickdown assign - meh?
play assign card gain block - done
num buff block should be uncommon? + give it base block - done
gain buff tickdown should be reworked, too good for common or just broken in general - done
  - or make it rare?

update assign status effect to assign buff in card yaml - done

attack card dmg = number of cards in all piles - already have mass ressurection card, not sure bout this one
card lowers cost when retain card is used - not sure im going too hard into retain
exile frontline triggers onplay effect?
ability assigns now tickdown by +1? maybe broken
build training camp, assign then gain ability, upgrade random card(s) at start of turn
exile frontline, trigger assign + extra time?

more exile frontline cards, or exile cards in general
exile all frontline cards, summon new frontline, is has upgrade equal to number of exiled cards + total upgrades - done
summon random frontline until hand is full - done
removal all but 1 assign buffs, that buff gains extra triggers equal to buffs removed - done

frontline upgrade, target 2 instead of 1x3 - done
zero cost move, upgrade lets you choose - done
exile summon uncommon, maybe make 1 exile = 1 summon, and 2 = 2 - done
exile upgrade, not sure if need to limit how many cards get upgraded
strength in numbers, upgrade includes 0 cost in draw/discard - done
creaete cavalry, rework to not give scry? or atleast not only scry - done
  - 3:draw 1, 5: scry 3, 7: draw another 2, 10: gain redyellow mana
ultra frontline, check if going past 100 upgrade counter breaks, or maybe just remove the 99 limit - done
  - it does not break anything, but fixed it going past the limit. I also increased it to 999. 
full frontal assault, probs tweak a bit to increase dmg + do sacrifice - done

give charge attack retain maybe? perhaps on upgrade - done
improve starter haniwa gens, be more stable - done
add a haniwa gen in uncommon that is all 3 - will this make it too ez? since the starter gens got buffed
  - or update the defence create reserves to just gain all 3
assign heal card? + some other effect - done
  - or sacrifice heal
some fencer assign that reflects damage? or just gain reflect - done
choose 1 random assign card, card count starts at some low number - done
assign effect triggers, add 1 random frontline card to draw pile or hand - done
assign 1 cav, 1-2 card count, draw 1 + maybe scry - done
assign triggers, gain mana, every 3 triggers? - maybe too many things on assign trigger ability not good?

charge attack probs shouldnt scale so hard like that - done
  - maybe increase dmg a smaller amount 3-5, and also increase extra trigger by 1
fix assigns not using upgraded card values if non-upgraded version was used first - done
fix assign create haniwa to not aoe the haniwa gain - done
update assign text to say trigger instead of activate - done

sacrifice card in red uncommon, some attack + defence perhaps? - done
  - fencer + cavalry sacrifice, atk + def
one more debuff card in uncommon, either assign or sacrifice - done
  - archer aoe dmg + debuffs?
haniwa buffer, gain buff do something, on play number of buffs currently on player = do something
  - or gain random buff after something
haniwa spy do something with scry on play? cards moved via scry cost less? in hand, after draw, show top card? - done
  - on play scry X and decrease cost cards moved to discard, in draw/discard end of turn decrease cost

haniwa spy filter unplayable cards to lower cost, and give onplay draw 1 - done
summon commander give an upgrade - done
num buff block upgraded give extra base block - done

assign triggers, upgrade random card in hand - done
exile frontline, increase all assign triggers by 1 - done
when no haniwa at start of turn, give 1 - done
  - or make that part of the starter cards, when cant fulfil condition
gainBuffTickdown buff it? maybe 1 cost? - hold off on this for now, more testing - fuck it we ballin - done
massExtraTrigger defs need a buff, either not exile or increase effect - done
weakeningShot make upgrade 1 mana, dont upgrade dmg - done
cavalryScout upgrade gives 2 draw - done
exile frontlines, spawn in random frontlines?
  - could be ability

off color ideas
BLUE
frozen haniwa, adjectent cards temp retain end of turn, playing adjecent cards apply cold + frost armor, on play = cold + dmg to all? - done
copy frontline - not sure if good idea, copy on only frontline is boring
discard all frontline, draw that many cards - done
cold arrow assign? - done
cake teammate blue red yellow - done
PURPLE
toxic haniwa common
  - unstable potion link?
poison arrows, assign or require archer level, do poison stuff - done
playing frontline card gives benefit but cost 1 life (or every 2-3 cost 1 life) red purple - too similar to perma assign? atleast the sideeffect
  - draw 1 card, spawn random frontline to draw or discard pile
  - perhaps start with sacrifice 1 random haniwa, then when 0, drain life
some sacrifice card here
fencer assign debuff = block?
perma assign, when triggered lose haniwa, life instead when no haniwa - done
  - no extra triggers, ticksdown 3 instead
GREEN
mana for each assign buff currently on
mana haniwa uncommon
  - onPlay x cost convert mana to rainbow?
  - in hand, refund mana spent up to blah times
frontline in hand, gain 1 graze red green

some assign with multiple haniwa types (build watchtower doesnt count)

investigate haniwa attacker not attacking end of turn after summoned? - done
  - it's related to upgrading
buff cake 2 haniwa per turn - done
investigate assign buffs causing performance issues? - done
  - unsure whats causing it, probs need to profile in some way
  - looks like it was calling NotifyChanged() in the status widget patch
zero cost reduction not working on 0 cost after play if it had its cost changed to 0 - done
zero cost reduction reducing cost when there's 0 anys, even if there's colors - dunno wtf i mean here, probs brain being weird
zero cost reduction just sometimes not reducing a cost? - done
  - maybe it's targetting an already 0 cost
  - probably the same issue with haniwaSpy before, not checking unplayable cards, which still have Any > 0 for whatever reason
haniwa upgrader will activate when playing a ability or exile card, so i should probs make it upgrade a card in the hand? - done
mass summon, buff to add +5 to draw and discard when upgraded, keep exile - done
does exile frontline extra trigger need something more? - done
  - made it give 2 extra triggers on upgrade

fix ChooseShortAssign filtering on offcolor assign cards - done
make fast trigger actually trigger it immidiately - done
specify if zero cost reduction stacks - done
  - also nerfed cost a bit, cos effect is rly powerful
check prep frost arrow actually gains block - seems to? not sure why i didnt in my last run, or i didnt see it attacked another target?

buff MassExtraTrigger in some way as it still seems weak - done
  - upgrade allows choosing 2 buffs? they both add the values from removed buffs
  - just gave it 2 base extra triggers
maybe make cake teammate spawn the frontline cards in draw/discard piles?

make assign option card for prep frost arrow card blue - too annoying to add, color config changes all the option cards colors
maybe buff loyalty strike dmg a bit - done
maybe uncommon haniwa summons should be included in common summon cards? them costing more is already tougher to manage - done
  - can come up with more unique summon options in uncommon cards
  - summon that starts the frontline upgraded
  - remove an assign and add multiple copies of a frontline
make assignPlayGainBlock work with ChooseShortAssign? - done
gainBuffTickdown reduce upgraded cost to W? - done
frontlineDiscardDraw let discard any card, but only draw based on frontline discard - done
  - also only upgrade for the upgraded version
Buff UltraFrontline to exile from draw/discard piles on upgrade - done

MassSummon probs needs a nerf, either lower the count, or make it cost haniwa for each summon
UpgradedSummon probs need a little nerf too? but need testing
fix SummonHaniwa using mini card select - done

fix haniwa attacker end of turn dmg not updating like dmg info for weak and stuff - done
remove relative cards for create haniwa - done
haniwa blitz tooltip say cant choose commander - done
make MassSummon sacrifice 2 of each? probs needs some downside at the current state - done
ashes to clay feels like a brick if there's no frontlines in exile, perhaps something to make it feel better

UltraFrontline should be able to choose which cards to exile, and perhaps have base increase in upgrades - done
new card, exile or onplay frontline, execute the onplay action - done
new card, assign cards cost 1any, but now start with extra triggers - done
maybe swap cavalry scout and cavalry supplies rarity, and adjust the values - done
  - scout only 1 draw, supplies gain 2 mana
nerf chooseShortAssign to not give extra trigger, make it set card counts to 3 and 1, aka 2 and 0 - done
healSacrifice only sacrifice 1 each? 2 might be a bit much - done

make cavalry supplies assign 2 cavalry, very stronk - done
assign summon frontline dont make it create copies - done
fencer prep counter work with barrier from get go? - done

remove 1 draw from cavalry supplies, was only added because it became 1 mana earlier on - done
make frontlineDiscardDraw blue now, cos it doesnt require only frontline to discard - done
ZeroCostReduction, maybe add moving a 0 cost card to hand? so it does something on its own if needed - no need
AssignTriggerSummon, make it summon 1 random frontline card? so it does something on its own if needed - no need
AssignPlayDraw, make it draw 1 card? so it does something on its own if needed - no need
AshesToClay make it 0 cost? it does nothing on its own except the 1 draw, so thisll atleast make it repay itself a tiny bit - done
  - repay by ticking down assigns, synergize with 0 cost stuff
AssignTriggerupgrade, make it upgrade 1-2 random cards in hand? so it does something on its own if needed - no need
maybe buff LoyaltyStrike dmg a bit again, still feels a little meh for 3 cost - done
rework PoisonShot to be more about debuffs - done

create cavalry make the scry on upgrade increase a bit, so the upgrade doesnt feel too weirdly inaccessible
cavalry supplies and scout are probs too good

system changes
haniwa resource to be more limited? aka lower the max level to 5
frontlines gain exile, at upgrade+10 they lose it but gain 1 cost

create haniwas give less
have an ability increase max haniwa level

just go through each card with the new system changes and see how it will be affected
haniwa attacker - lower end of turn dmg scaling +1 per 2 upgrade
haniwa bodyguard - lower dmg reduction scaling +1 per 2 upgrade
haniwa sharpshooter is fine
haniwa support - lower scaling on atk draw +1 per 2 upgrade
defence summon is fine
exile summon is the only summon that costs no haniwa + thins deck
  - make it exile a frontline, then do something on top? or just carry over upgrades
  - it may be more interesting if it did the onplay action, but didnt keep upgrades
  - but will it be too similar to haniwa blitz?
  - maybe just remove this card or rework it somehow
fencer kamikaze is fine
frontline haniwa create - probably lower gain, 
frontline upgrade is fine
haniwa blitz is fine, will benefit a lot with haniwa now exiling
  - perhaps i should make it discard the chosen cards? that way its harder to burst and gives a way to cycle frontlines
summon haniwa is probably fine, very cost efficient as a starter though
  - maybe try lowering the efficiency a bit, keep cost at 2? lower frontline created?
archer prep volley is fine
assign extra trigger is fine
assign fast trigger is fine
assign haniwa create - lower gain a bit?
cavalry scout - replace graze with scry 3(5), may be a bit weird to see a random popup but we'll see
fencer build barricade - a bit too similar to fencer prep counter, so either nerf it to block or make it more different somehow
zero cost move is fine
defence create reserves is fine, probably benefits from the haniwa change
hybrid draw is fine
weakening shot update archer level restriction to be a bit looser now? 1 and 2?
haniwa exploiter - on play action is too stronk for sure, so gotta change that
  - spread the target enemys debuffs onto other enemies? if it has none, apply a random debuff?
haniwa spy - is this too strong? lower scry scaling to +1 per 2 upgrade?
  - and it's also technically +1 mana per turn due to the cost lowering, maybe figure out a way to make it less strong
haniwa upgrader - i guess we remove the self scaling with 2+ upgraders
  - and also lower upgrade per turn scaling to +1 per 2 upgrade
  - or come up with a different way it does stuff
ashes to clay - will benefit a lot from the frontline changes, so increase the cost for sure
assign summon frontline is fine
clay to ashes - maybe now it shouldnt be 2 firepower on upgrade? probs make it 1 and find something else for the upgrade
exile upgrade - does this card upgrade too fast? if it didnt upgrade the exiled cards maybe its fine?
guard rush is fine
heal sacrifice is fine
loyalty strike is fine
strength in numbers is fine, it's harder to put frontlines in draw/discard
upgraded summon - probably nerf upgrade to +5
archer prep debuff is fine? maybe lose the accurate
assign play gain block is fine
assign tickdown return is probably fine
build watchtower is fine
cavalry rush is fine
cavalry supplies - keep mana gain at 2, but increase cavalry assign to 3 and card counter to 8(5)
charge attack is fine
choose short assign is fine
fencer prep counter is fine - since build barricade will probs get changed to be less similar
num buff block is fine
assign trigger upgrade is fine
create archer - update the haniwa gain 2(3) probs? and update archer level reqs
create cavalry - update haniwa gain 2(3) and update reqs. increase scry on upgrade as well
create fencer is fine
exile frontline extra trigger is fine
haniwa commander - needs changes for sure, cant cycle frontlines to discard/draw so passive will need to be changed
  - will also not exile haha, it's a damn rare
exile frontline blitz is probably fine, will defs benefit from the frontline changes
mass ressurection is probably fine, will defs benefit from the frontline changes
mass summon - even with the frontline changes, the cost of 2 each is still too small?
  - maybe make it more interesting and consume all haniwa, then create a frontline for each haniwa consumed
summon commander is fine
ultra frontline - unsure about this card. it does only spawn 1 frontline, but maybe too similar to exile upgrade anyway
  - i feel i should remove or rework this
assign cost trigger - make the cost increase only occur while in hand, so zero cost synergy is kept in draw/discard
assign play draw - make it harder to play probs, keep cost at 5 on upgrade, maybe have ethereal unupgraded?
gain buff tickdown is fine
mass extra trigger is fine
assign trigger summon is probs fine, 1 frontline per turn probs wont be too big of a benefit with them exiling now
full frontal assault is fine, will be able to scale with new card that increases max haniwa, but they need multiple copies and then create the haniwa
zero cost reduction - probs too good, but i dont want to nerf the effect yet?
  - keep cost at 5 and have upgrade remove ethereal?
archer prep frost arrow - maybe a little too strong? perhaps lower block gain and base dmg
freeze frontline/frozen haniwa - with frontlines exiling, this is probs fine
frontline discard draw - probably fine? now there's not many ways to cycle frontlines, so probs useful
cake teammate is fine
permanent assign is fine
poison shot is fine

new cards
something to increase max haniwa level 3(5), and gain 2(3) of each haniwa
something for assign to increase the counter by 3, and some other effect?

exhibit changes
frontline exhibit no changes, the card count increase is probs fine
assign exhibit - every 5 buffs gained, gain a buff assignment bonus or something
  - assignment bonus will be the old effect but tied to a buff, ticks down by 1 each draw